Write a function is_prime(n) that checks whether n is a prime number.

Prime Number - A number which is only divisible by 1 and itself. No other numbers between 1 to itself can devide it.

1. For given number n, start counting from 2 to n-1, as divider.
2. For each divider and n as dividend, try dividing them.
3. If it is divisable, then n is not a prime number.
4. Otherwise check the next number.
5. If all numbers checked then n is a prime number.


def is_prime(n):

  for i in range(2, n-1):
    r = n % i
    if r == 0:
      print(n + " Is not a prime number")
      return
  
  print(n + " Is a prime number")

Fibonacci

python using  an iterative approach with a loop or a recursive approach.
larger numbers uses loop to calculate each adding and two previous ones
starting with o and 1
function calling itself to find the sum of the two preceding number
slower calculation for large inputs


sum_of_digit

Calculating the sum of digits in a number in Python involves extracting each digit and adding them together. There are several ways to achieve this, with two common approaches being using string conversion or a mathematical approach with loops.

reverse_string
To reverse the digits of a number in Python, a common and concise method involves converting the number to a string, reversing the string, and then converting it back to an integer.

coun_even
even numbers are present within a given sequence, such as a list or a range of numbers.



fizzbuzz(n)

The fizzbuzz(n) function in Python typically refers to a function that implements the classic FizzBuzz programming problem. The problem requires iterating through a sequence of numbers (usually from 1 up to a given n) and applying specific rules for printing: 

is_palindrome(n):

A palindrome is a sequence that reads the same forwards and backward. In Python, a function to check if a string or number is a palindrome can be implemented in several ways.

(GCD):
n Python, the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of two numbers can be found using the built-in math.gcd() function or by implementing the Euclidean algorithm.

lcm:
In Python, the Least Common Multiple (LCM) of two or more numbers can be found using the math.lcm() function, which was introduced in Python 3.9.


count_vowels:

A count_vowels function in Python takes a string as input and returns the number of vowels present in that string.

second_largest:
To find the second largest number in a list using Python, several approaches can be used. One common and straightforward method involves sorting the list.

prime_factors:
In Python, finding the prime factors of a number involves writing a function or a set of instructions that identify all the prime numbers that, when multiplied together, result in the original number.


power(base, exp):
In Python, the power(base, exp) operation, which calculates the base raised to the power of the exponent, can be achieved in several ways:


decimal integer:
In Python, converting a decimal integer to its binary representation can be achieved using several methods. 


sum_until_negative():
To define a Python function that sums numbers until a negative number is encountered, you can use a while loop and continuously take input from the user.


